Add a public doc for passkeys for testnet launch (#21374)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/concepts/cryptography.mdx

## zkLogin

zkLogin is a Sui primitive that enables you to send transactions from a Sui address using an OAuth credential, without publicly linking the two.

Go to [zkLogin](./cryptography/zklogin.mdx).

## Passkeys

> Passkeys is a Sui primitive that enables you to sign-in to apps and send transactions to Sui using a private key securely stored on a authenticator. It uses the WebAuthn standard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sui supports passkey signatures that enables you to sign-in to apps and sign transactions to Sui using a private key securely stored on a passkey authenticator. It uses the WebAuthn standard.
```
